The time has come for
all of us to act.
our European partners
to stop undermining
US sanctions against this
murderous revolutionary regime.
The time has come for our
European partners to stand with us
and with the Iranian people,
our allies and friends in the region.
The time has come for our
European partners to withdraw
from the Iran nuclear deal
and join us as we bring
the economic and diplomatic
pressure necessary
to give the Iranian people,
the region and the world
the peace, security and
freedom they deserve.
We call on the European Union
to step forward for freedom
and recognise Juan Guaido
as the only legitimate
president of Venezuela.
[Applause]